if you know our show you're probably
familiar with mean tweets this is where
celebrities read all the horrible things
people say about them on the internet
but when it comes to mean comments no
fans compared to sports fans so with
that said I asked some of our favorite
college football broadcasters and
coaches to open themselves up to the
horrors of the internet for a special C
F Beast championship edition of mean
tweets
[Music]
Desmond Howard's mustache looks like the
starting point of a maze
Reese Davis is a tool and needs to suck
a muffler
I'm about to send mark made poop in the
mail join the club
blue Holtz look like a creepy
ventriloquist puppet and sounds like
Daffy Duck hey Dipper I agree with you
Mark Helfrich looks like a ninja turtle
sideline reporter Heather Cox great name
for an es reporter and a porn star not
original I've heard that one a lot
Brady Hoke is proof that Fred Flintstone
would be a terrible college football
coach really Tim Tebow is not cute sexy
or hot he ugly sorry about it
[Music]
it's 6:03 a.m. and Brian Kelly is still
an angry we'll have her come looking
back that is all Jesse Palmer idiot
that's a sink Jimbo Fisher just gave his
pregame speech clearly he can coach I'm
guessing he's an idiot savant of some
kind
emphasis on idiot
anyone else want to punch Chris Fowler
in the face Scott Van Pelt still look
like a penis get the penis man off my
screen Lee Corsa looks like a puppet
from Crank Yankers show who tells grant
gankers an everyday Kirk Herbstreit
might be the biggest ass clown I've ever
seen
you know what you would rather chop my
arm off and myself with my detached limb
and watch Katy Perry the movie what the
is wrong with the world I hope you
all have a great weekend
except you Lisa Kudrow